Laura description metadata cli (#29216)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/modules/sources.html.md

layout: "language"
page_title: "Module Sources"
sidebar_current: "docs-modules-sources"

> description: "source tells Terraform where to find child modules in locations like GitHub, the Terraform Registry, Bitbucket, Git, Mercurial, S3, and GCS."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "source tells Terraform where to find child modules's configuration in locations like GitHub, the Terraform Registry, Bitbucket, Git, Mercurial, S3, and GCS."
```
